Welcome back in in this lesson we're going to look at some more event handlers.
We're going to look at on blur on change and a few other ones so we do need to have a form because some
of these event handlers they only work on specific types of elements such as on change on blur.
Some of these elements you can't change and the forms are ideal because you can change the content within
a form.
So now we've got this one here where we've got the name and let's in on change.
So you see that we are.
We also have a whole bunch of different ones available to us as well.
So let's first of all let's take care of on change here and we want a particular function to fire off
every time it gets changed.
So we'll call it see fun.
So this is what's going to get fired off when we change the contents of that particular element.
So let's go back into here and we'll do see fun sort of create and elements in order to pick that up
and maybe what we'll do is we'll copy a little bit of the code there from below to save us some trouble.
And let's do the event handler and also we can do the parent name.
So maybe
maybe instead of welcome changed too.
And this one we actually have the value so we don't need to go to the parent.
We can simply get the value out of it.
So however we want to do it we can do value like that.
So that way we don't have to traverse anymore.
So let's give it a shot and try it out.
So now whenever I change anything and I click off of it so notice the onchange fires when I click off
of that particular element.
So this one as well.
Let's fire off.
And what I want to do is I actually want you to be able to tell if we fired off number one or number
two.
And in the message say first name changed or last name changed.
So go ahead.
Pause the video and try it out.
So the thing is you're using the same function here on the onchange.
So you need a conditional statement to tell whether the name is the one or two.
And then depending on what the name is you're going to fire off a different type of message.
So go ahead.
Plus if you open up your editor try it out and I'll show you the solution coming up.
So we didn't need a condition so for any time we need to apply any type of logic we can use that condition
statement.
So let's take the event target.
So we're putting it in as P..
And we need to know what the name is.
So first check to see if the name is one and if it is then we know that we're using that first element
else.
And if we had multiple elements we could make use of those as well.
So let's update these values and we can say
so we know that this is the first name first name changed too and we could just simply do p value because
we did update it there as well.
And now we know the last name changed to.
And then that's it.
So let's let's try this out.
So save it refresh your page.
And now let's update the first name.
Update the last name.
So we are able to detect using the information that's getting passed within that event handler.
So we try on change.
Let's try on Blur's to have something different.
And we're going to fire off that same function because we don't actually need to change it.
So let's let's see what happens here.
Let's refresh it.
So now let's type something there and whatever we click off of it.
So it's going to work roughly the same thing.
So the on blur on change.
So basically the on blur means that every time I click off of it every time the blur changes it fires
off.
And the onchange changes every time I click off of it.
And I I've I've updated some of the content has changed.
So it's able to detect and know that the content has changed.
So go ahead and try it for yourself and try out some of the other event handlers with him forms.
You're going to find that there's quite a few really useful ones.
So the next lesson we're going to look at this even deeper and we're going to create a forum to automatically
generate that placeholder dot com image that we saw earlier.
So that's coming up in the next lesson.